healing a broken heart is one of the hardest things to do
every girl knows that one of the best ways to pick yourself up after a difficult breakup
is a fresh makeover
for a new start, I'm going to show you how to create this
fresh-faced makeup look
you'll be ready to take on the world
start by using a CC cream and apply this
product with your fingers
sponge or brush and blend away
CC cream is great to use because it will care and condition your skin
as it conceals these little imperfections
apply this salmon-colored concealer to
brighten up your tired eyes
and gently blend with your ring finger
it will neutralize those blues
sweep powder all over your face to set your makeup
this is my favorite powder compact to use
because it's so light and it locks everything in place
without looking cakey
here I'm using my shade play eye
palette in "madagascar taupes"
dab the shimmering highlighting
eyeshadow on the center of your lid
to help make your eyes pop
next dab a little bit of the shimmering peach color
on the outer corner of your eyes
and blend into the center of your lids
use a small brush to line the lower lash line
from the inner corner out
using the madagascar taupe color
line the outer half of your lower lash line
with the same color, sweep the eyeshadow over the outer corner of your lid
to create a soft natural shadow
and now just line your upper lash line
sweeping the shadow up and out
to intensify the definition
layer this soft black shadow over the existing liner
on your upper lash line
as always, sweep up and out
to open up your eyes, make sure to curl your lashes
and then apply mascara
stick to a waterproof mascara
just in case you have a sad moment
fill in your brows with your favorite brow pencil
and brush away any harsh marks to soften the lines
finally, give yourself a cute pout with this sorbet lip balm
now your look is complete
part of feeling good is looking good
wishing you the best
have fun and good luck